fix: use alpine for lnd-simnet (#127)
ExchangeUnion/xud-docker: README.md

Description and usage:
* [xud wiki](https://github.com/ExchangeUnion/xud/wiki/Docker)

## Developing
The following chapter is meant for developers.

### Initial setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ExchangeUnion/xud-docker.git $PROJECT_DIR
```

Init and fetch git submodules

```bash
cd $PROJECT_DIR
git submodule init
git submodule update --recursive --remote
```

> ### Developing a feature

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the README. Do these steps work in current master?

Author: Not yet

Reviewer: In that case I think we should omit these changes from this PR and add them when the new functionality is working.

Author: If I cannot finish the rest of this PR today, I will split it.

Description and usage:
* [xud wiki](https://github.com/ExchangeUnion/xud/wiki/Docker)

## Developing
The following chapter is meant for developers.

### Initial setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ExchangeUnion/xud-docker.git $PROJECT_DIR
```

Init and fetch git submodules

```bash
cd $PROJECT_DIR
git submodule init
git submodule update --recursive --remote
```

### Developing a feature

Create a feature branch

```
git checkout -b your-feature-branch
```

Make your desired changes to the images located at:
`~/xud-docker/images`

Build the updated image(s)

```bash
$PROJECT_DIR/tools/build <image_name>
```

Test locally

```bash
$PROJECT_DIR/xud.sh -b your-feature-branch
```

> Push images of your-feature-branch and let others test without build images by themselves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To let others test without building the images by themselves push the images of your-feature-branch.
```

```bash
$PROJECT_DIR/tools/push <image_name>
```

Then push your local changes to remote branch

```bash
git push origin your-feature-branch
```

Ask other people to run your-feature-branch on their machine

```bash
./xud.sh -b your-feature-branch
```

> Or they need to build images of your-feature-branch test like you do it locally.

Reviewer: I think this line is not necessary as we indirectly already mention it above.

### Test on cloud

> We know running simnet, testnet and mainnet simultaneously on personal computer is nearly impossible. So we provide a convenient `tools/test` to let your test your-feature-branch on cloud (We only support Google Cloud for now)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running simnet, testnet and mainnet simultaneously is resource heavy. We provide a convenient `tools/test` script to test your-feature-branch in the cloud. Currently, only Google Cloud is supported.
```

1. Download `google-cloud-sdk` on your machine.

> 2. Running `gcloud init` to login to your Google account and choose the project and region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `gcloud init` to login to your Google account and choose the project and region
```
